Wang Shi greets Lord Qingfeng
Ah Minister of Breeze
God of War Qingfeng, meet Zhan Shuai, Zhan Shuai
Exemption, yeah
What's going on here?
He is a KTV waiter
How could it be Zhan Shuai?
He won't be casually on KTV
Find a girl to play it
Ouch.
How dare you hit me?
Don't say hit you
So what if I kill you?
Grandpa Yue, please help me
He actually hit me in your face
You unsatisfactory thing
also said
See how grandpa even hits me
You can't help it, you idiot
You even dare to provoke Lord Qingfeng
You know who Lord Qingfeng killed
More people than you've ever met?
Oh, no.
Zhan Shuai is the scariest person in the world
Lord Qingfeng
Is he really here?
How dare you question me?
dare not dare
Wang Si deserved to die
Angry god of war
Please forgive me, God of War